doc/cpp/spreadsheet-doc/index.rst, before:


Spreadsheet document
====================

This section contains the API's related to the spreadsheet document storage, which
is provided by the ``liborcus-spreadsheet`` part of this library.


Document types
--------------

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::color_t
.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::format_run
.. doxygentypedef:: orcus::spreadsheet::format_runs_t


Document
--------

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::document
   :members:


Sheet
-----

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::sheet
   :members:


Pivot table
-----------

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_record_value_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_item_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_group_data_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_field_t
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_collection
   :members:


Import factory
--------------

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::import_factory
   :members:

Commit message:

Add inter-sphinx mapping to ixion doc

doc/cpp/spreadsheet-doc/index.rst, after:


Spreadsheet document
====================

This section contains the API's related to the spreadsheet document storage, which
is provided by the ``liborcus-spreadsheet`` part of this library.  This ``liborcus-spreadsheet``
module has dependency on the :ref:`ixion <ixion:index>` library in order to perform
computation of formula cells.


Document types
--------------

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::color_t
.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::format_run
.. doxygentypedef:: orcus::spreadsheet::format_runs_t


Document
--------

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::document
   :members:


Sheet
-----

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::sheet
   :members:


Pivot table
-----------

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_record_value_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_item_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_group_data_t
   :members:

.. doxygenstruct:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache_field_t
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_cache
   :members:

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::pivot_collection
   :members:


Import factory
--------------

.. doxygenclass:: orcus::spreadsheet::import_factory
   :members:
